Okay I want to welcome you to a bonus
section of the course. Each module here
in the course is a cookbook section, like
I'm kind of calling it a Spring Boot
cookbook because I'm taking a common
application, a simple web application but
showing you how to configure that
application for different databases,
different message servers. So I'm using
all kinds of popular stuff everything
from MySQL to MongoDB to Oracle. I'm
hoping to give you a toolset in this
little cookbook that you can have as a
go-to after taking the course. So if you
have DB2, God, I hope you're not using DB2,
but if you have DB2 or even worse
something from Microsoft, hey you do have a
cookbook here of ready-made stuff where
you can see how to set up Spring Boot to
connect to these different technologies
and work with these different
technologies. So I hope you enjoy this
little bonus section these are just, I'm
going to try to grow this with different
technologies as time goes on so if you
have a reference point to go to and
everything, you're going to get a code
review in each module and each module is
going to have links to source code and
GitHub. So you'll have a starting point to
build Spring Boot applications to
connect to a variety of different technologies.